# The correspondence between id, code and keycode is as follows

## id

defined by ourselves

## key

The KeyboardEvent interface's key read-only property returns the value
of the key pressed by the user, taking into consideration the state of
modifier keys such as Shift as well as the keyboard locale and layout.

more details about code see [here](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/KeyboardEvent/key).

## code

The KeyboardEvent.code property represents a physical key on the keyboard
(as opposed to the character generated by pressing the key). In other words,
 this property returns a value that isn't altered by keyboard layout or
 the state of the modifier keys.

more details about code see [here](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-us/docs/web/api/keyboardevent/code).

## keycode

The deprecated KeyboardEvent.keyCode read-only property represents a system
and implementation dependent numerical code identifying the unmodified value
of the pressed key. This is usually the decimal ASCII (RFC 20) or Windows 1252
code corresponding to the key. If the key can't be identified, this value is 0.

You should avoid using this if possible; it's been deprecated for some time.
Instead, you should use KeyboardEvent.code, if it's implemented. Unfortunately,
some browsers still don't have it, so you'll have to be careful to make sure
you use one which is supported on all target browsers.

more details about keycode see [here](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/KeyboardEvent/keyCode).

## map

id(number) <=> code(string)

code(string) => keycode(number)

id(number) => keycode(number)
